PyRobovac was developed using Python 3.5.3 on Linux.

It should be able to run under on other platforms that support Python 3, but it has not been tested exhaustively.

These instructions assume that you have little to no Python background, but should enable you to get PyRobovac running.

1.  Install Python 3 on your platform.

If you are using Linux or macOS, there's a good chance that you might have Python already installed.  Open a terminal
and try running "python3 --version".  If you are on another platform, point your web browser to https://www.python.org,
download the latest release for your platform and follow the installation instructions for your platform.

2.  Install virtualenv.

virtualenv is a localized Python package management system that allows Python packages to be installed locally for
Python projects.    Follow the virtualenv installation instructions at
https://packaging.python.org/guides/installing-using-pip-and-virtualenv/

3.  Create a virtualenv environment

In the PyRobovac directory, run the following command:

python3 -m venv .venv

This will create an empty virtualenv environment in the ".venv" directory.  This allows PyRobovac requirements to be
installed locally.

4.  Activate the virtualenv environment

In the PyRobovac directory, run the following command:

source .venv/bin/activate

This should prepend "(.venv)" to your shell prompt, letting you know that you are in the virtualenv.

5.  Install PyRobovac Python requirements

While inside the virtualenv and in the PyRobovac directory, run the following command:

pip install -r requirements.txt

This will install the Python packages needed to run PyRobovac in the virtualenv.

6.  Run the program

python3 pyrobovac.py

By default, pyrobovac runs with one robovac and no dogs (moving obstacles).  

You can specify how many robovacs should run with the -r command line argument:

python3 pyrobovac.py -r 4

There can be up to four robovacs.  (There must be at least one robovac.)

You can specify how many dogs should run with the -d command line argument:

python3 pyrobovac.py -r 3 -d 2

There can be zero to four dogs.
